Yes
Oh
good
and
Yes
good
welcome to isis in Cevennes to saint
jacques of the nave on the edge of the hérault
where will be the weekend of the party
music
the mantra fest the watch did it's a
festival of sounds
sacred songs and dances and
find the mantras the vibrations
sacred sound the prayers in all
religions and spiritual traditions
that's why we invite you to
come to pro fest on the weekend of the
Music Festival
he's going to see claude bram 1 to get dressed
or anis kunda emmanuel djob olivero and
bad souk and after to finish late samir
and sadaka and dancers
extraordinary mine to grind to and the
company that the dance fired fatou I
know that during the day we will not
to be bored there are plenty of workshops look
there is yoga silent meditation
of martial art even the martial biogas
the case the size has not heard about
massages communication
transformative even of dhrupad singing and
full dancer
we will have expectations of being we are going
have the titanium teeth of rajasthan and
even Indian dances for
awesome hearing impaired we will go through
tell me we have a lot of work
the girls in gold and red had done
chocolate vegan muffins
but do not forget to comment on us
let's have vegetarian vegan meals
Cevennes and Indians shows in Fez this is the
20 21 and 22 June in Saint Julian the
ned and it's at free and conscious prices
see you soon
the device had compared I am
do not understand I want your attention
did not actually happen no we want
give our intention to me I will do
so that's a part in the boom and that
is not your calm and yes well everything
just see you soon 1